<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	template="/WEB-INF/templates/default.xhtml">
	<ui:define name="content">

		<h:outputText value="Some common facts and limitations about domain and its implementation..." />
		<p>Movie and lists can be viewed by simple offset pagination and field search capabilities.
			Movie lists are sorted by movie title while actors by last and first name.
			Beside browsing editing is also supported for all three entity types.
			Integrated CDI Events and WebSockets provide highly interactive picture about persistence layer to browser clients.
			In contrast to this JSF interface application also provides basic entity operations over a REST interface.</p>

		<h3>Actor-List</h3>
		<p>Lists actors with paging and search capabilities.
		Provides removing of actors or selecting them as cast candidates. 
		Facilitates individual actor selection with navigation to Actor-Details view.
		</p>

		<h3>Movie-List</h3>
		<p>Lists actors with paging and search capabilities.
		Provides removing of movies or selecting them as cast candidates.
		Facilitates individual movie selection with navigation to Movie-Details view.
		
		</p>

		<h3>Actor-Details</h3>
		<p>Displays individual actor with a list of casted movies.
		Provides basic create, update and delete operations to actors. 
		Provides casting operations towards movies.</p>

		<h3>Movie-Details</h3>
		<p>Displays individual movie with a list of casted actors and associated images.
		Provides basic movie create, update and delete operations to actors and removal of images.
		Provides casting operations towards actors.
		Facilitates individual image selection with navigation to Image view.
		</p>

		<h3>Image</h3>
		<p>Displays image details; attributes including image itself.
		Provides basic create with upload, update and delete operations.
		</p>

	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
